All he does is gamble. My whole life.
He's only come to me for money, and if I refuse, he threatens me with my sister.
She's so stubborn. If I just gave her the money, she'd definitely refuse.
Let's make a deal. You need $300,000 and I need someone to marry to appease my family.
Let's get married.
You and me. Get married?
Madam.
Yes.
Miss Howard is here.
Miss Howard.
Gloria.
I came here to apologize. It was wrong of me to break off the engagement like that.
I brought you a red brush. I had my friend bring it all the way from Italy. I thought it would suit you perfectly.
How kind of you?
Please take a seat, darling.
Oh, it's a shame you and Philip didn't work out.
Gloria, breaking off the engagement wasn't really my idea.
Do you think Philip has any new engagement plans?
No, he does not. Joanna, are you saying that you may reconsider marrying him?
But do you think Philip would be willing?